hello world lods
aklsdfjklasdf lang
lfajdkfjsadklfj
hello ALPHA_SCISSOR_THRESHOLD lods
hello ALPHA_SCISSOR_THRESHOLD lods
aklsdfjklasdf lang
lfajdkfjsadklfj
hello ALPHA_SCISSOR_THRESHOLD lods
hello ALPHA_SCISSOR_THRESHOLD lods
aklsdfjklasdf lang
lfajdkfjsadklfj
hello ALPHA_SCISSOR_THRESHOLD lods
hello ALPHA_SCISSOR_THRESHOLD lods
aklsdfjklasdf lang
lfajdkfjsadklfj
hello ALPHA_SCISSOR_THRESHOLD lods
hello ALPHA_SCISSOR_THRESHOLD lods23565
aklsdfjklasdf lang
lfajdkfjsadklfj
hello ALPHA_SCISSOR_THRESHOLD lods
hello ALPHA_SCISSOR_THRESHOLD lods
aklsdfjklasdf lang
lfajdkfjsadklfj
    ALPHA_SCISSOR_JAPO =)
hello ALPHA_SCISSOR_THRESHOLD lods
hello ALPHA_SCISSOR_THRESHOLD lods
aklsdfjklasdf lang
lfajdkfjsadklfj
hello ALPHA_SCISSOR_THRESHOLD lods(#@445#)
hello ALPHA_SCISSOR_THRESHOLD lods
aklsdfjklasdf lang
lfajdkfjsadklfj
hello ALPHA_SCISSOR_THRESHOLD lods
hello ALPHA_SCISSOR_THRESHOLD lods
aklsdfjklasdf lang
lfajdkfjsadklfj
hello ALPHA_SCISSOR_THRESHOLD lods
hello ALPHA_SCISSOR_THRESHOLD lods
aklsdfjklasdf lang
lfajdkfjsadklfj
hello ALPHA_SCISSOR_THRESHOLD lods
hello ALPHA_SCISSOR_THRESHOLD lods
aklsdfjklasdf lang
lfajdkfjsadklfj
hello ALPHA_SCISSOR_THRESHOLD lods
hello ALPHA_SCISSOR_THRESHOLD lods
aklsdfjklasdf lang
lfajdkfjsadklfj
hello ALPHA_SCISSOR_THRESHOLD lods

    tween.connect("timeout", self, "_jababuey")
    ALPHA_SCISSOR_THRESHOLD =)
    ALPHA_SCISSOR wagpopls waaah




.